

Approach:
Made extensive use of procedure and function to provide code reuseability.
Prior to computing the result of each task,I made a JDBC connection to the oracle Database as specified and populated the corresponding records of items and trans table and connection username and password.

For Task1:
1.created procedure "Task1" wherein I first calculated the distinct transcount.
2.As mentioned in the lecture i made use of Data Manipulation statements and those were all written inside procedures.
3.The procedure was designed such that i could get all itemid satisfiy the support condition.
4.Using Simple java code i could thereby dump the output to a file.

For Task2:
1.Again made use of procedure and data manipulation statements.
2.The result obtained were dumped in a table.In task2 we also needed to output of task1 so called task1 from here.
3.Thereby the result was placed in 2 tables and then pasted the result in a file using a FileWriter.

For Task3:
1.Created dynamic tables required for task3 were created using a simple procedure(Here the size was of task3).
2.First the procedure of task1 was called and thereby that result was used to compute the Candidate sets.
3.The Candidate sets were then used to compute further frequent itemsets which satisfied the support value.
4.Every frequent item from the frequent table which satisfied the support value was dumped to a file.

For task4:
1.Again built the frequent itemsets and candidates itemset as specified above but this time the size was of task4.
2.For all the frequent sets,computed the possible permutuation(size=2 to size of task4).
3.All the permutuated subset which satisfied the confidence were stored.

Finally the appproapriate tables used were dropped.

Difficulties faced and what i learned:
1.Was finding it difficult to connect to oracle.cise.ufl database,but TA's PDF and disscussion on sakai was really helpful.
2.I was not able to code and compile procedures properply but then professor's lecture on PL/SQL and PSM helped indeed.
3.Found difficulty in Creating Dynamic table in procedure but then went through the Oracle API which definately gave an indepth understanding of Oracle Database and procedures.
4.Efficient way to load records of items and trans into the appropriate table,disscussion on DB forum was helpful to execute them in batch files.


